being a part of something like this
there's a tremendous thing proud morning
sergeant
gentlemen whoever's making these has an
answer for the deaths of 24 American
soldiers in the past 12 months and every
day we don't find them is another day an
American soldier could come home in
pieces and wants to make a difference
hey Dad things are really taking off for
me how do you like it could bloody
caveman go gentlemen
what's the play relationship-building
starting new series who's ready to have
some fun
I just keep thinking about that kid that
we killed today we're looking at wrong
yeah I do you kill one of theirs you
save ten of ours you're telling me
that's not right
things up man was innocent he didn't
deserve to die or co-operators Andrew
tell me what's going on you know that
anything that happens to here stays in
the family
hey crazy favor go get the targets do
you think we're gonna shoot you or
something
you're trying to do what you think is
right the problem is you don't even know
what right means leave me alone you are
alone do I do the right thing and put
myself in danger or do I just shut up
and deal with it
and give me your loyalty and I guarantee
that each and every one of you will have
a chance to be a war here to actually be
a part of history ready on three three
two one
[Applause]
you